Status update for 2021-02-26 (#196)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2021-02-26-status-update.md

- [`puppetlabs-package#237`][puppetlabs-package-pr-237]: "Fix package task for yum when passing version", thanks to [cliveweir][cliveweir]
- [`pdk#948`][pdk-pr-948]: "(MAINT) Release prep for 2.0.0", thanks to [scotje][scotje]
- [`pdk#947`][pdk-pr-947]: "(MAINT) Drop gemspec requirement to Ruby >= 2.4.0", thanks to [scotje][scotje]
- [`pdk#946`][pdk-pr-946]: "(MAINT) Require Ruby >= 2.5.0 in gemspec and simplify Gemfile", thanks to [scotje][scotje]
- [`pdk-docker#21`][pdk-docker-pr-21]: "(PF-2183) Updates to reflect new default branch of `main`", thanks to [scotje][scotje]
- [`pdk-docker#20`][pdk-docker-pr-20]: "(FIXUP) Add additional error handling for Anubis v2 evaluations", thanks to [nkanderson][nkanderson]
- [`pdk-vanagon#275`][pdk-vanagon-pr-275]: "(MAINT) Add latest puppets", thanks to [scotje][scotje]

Check [all the ways to reach us]({% link _posts/2021-01-20-reaching-out.md %}) if you want to directly contact us about anything module related.

## New Module / Gem Releases

The following modules were released this week:

- [`puppetlabs-vcsrepo`][puppetlabs-vcsrepo] (`3.2.1`)
- [`puppetlabs-postgresql`][puppetlabs-postgresql] (`6.10.2`)

## Big news and big next Monday!

> We are in the process of dropping Puppet 5 support from our supported modules. Puppet 5 was end of Life in January 2021. The plan is to start rolling out updated modules with deprecated Puppet 5 by the start of next week March 1st 2021. We have in plan a lot of releases, stay tuned, it's going to be a big Monday!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are in the process of dropping Puppet 5 support from our supported modules. Puppet 5 reached End of Life (EOL) in January 2021. The plan is to start rolling out updated modules with Puppet 5 support removed by the start of next week (March 1st 2021). We have a lot of releases planned - stay tuned, it's going to be a big Monday!
```

## Cloud CI Update

> This week after the release of Puppet Litmus 0.25.0 and the update of the acceptance test workflows (https://github.com/puppetlabs/pdk-templates/pull/398) a PDKSync across all our supported modules will ensure that all acceptance tests for PRs and nightly runs are now using both the Cloud CI resources as well as the litmusimage docker containers in their respective Github Actions workflows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week after the release of Puppet Litmus `0.25.0` and the update of the acceptance test workflows (https://github.com/puppetlabs/pdk-templates/pull/398), a PDKSync across all our supported modules will ensure that all acceptance tests for PRs and nightly runs are now using both the Cloud CI resources as well as the `litmusimage` docker containers in their respective Github Actions workflows. 
```

> As part of the multi-node acceptance tests we are slowly making progress in stabilizing the puppetlabs-kubernets and started the investigations for the port of the puppetlabs-websphere_application_server module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the multi-node acceptance tests we are slowly making progress in stabilizing the `puppetlabs-kubernetes` and started the investigation for the port of the `puppetlabs-websphere_application_server` module. 
```
